TODO

  6/16 - OK, well, the car is prett taken apart right now...
  . I had ChatGPT create the code for "Playlist.js" - it is unedited and certainly untested
  . I realized that I can't use the "multiple skip" logic because I won't know when to do the skipping...
    the event of a track ending isn't sent to my server.  I'll have to handle oh shit....
  . OK, REALIZED THE ABOVE WON'T WORK FOR THE SAME REASON!  GO BACK TO ORIGINAL LOGIC...I'LL
    HAVE TO KEEP TRACK OF THE TIME OF THE SONG IN ORDER TO KNOW WHEN TO DO THE MULTIPLE SKIP
     . OR START MY PROJECT OVER AND USE WEB SDK!  (PROBABLY START NEW PROJECT ENTIRELY, SEE IF IT WILL WORK)
     . OR after chatting with ChatGPT, I think I will still be able to use my server-side code, but can just
        do the event detection on the client side

  Set playlist
  Make default playlist button
  . stores id of playlist in a file on server, loaded on first call to main
  Custom shuffle
  . see possible logic below*

  Code cleanup - split server.js into a few files, it's too long!
  . would require better design with not as many global vars!
  . (already started with "getPlaylists")

  BUG possibly with librespot, where device not found after a long
    period of time
  . error: getaddrerror EAI_AGAIN 
  . MAYBE fixed - need to do all-day test

  Overall design of interface
  Security - have pi go to lock screen
  . make sure everything still works when locked





FEATURES TO ADD
  
  Keep track of songs played in playlist and don't play them again until
    playlist is exhausted (maybe easiest way to do this is to download
    playlist once, randomize list, and just loop through the list; would
    need to handle situation where playlist is updated with new songs)
    . or perhaps just a "if this song has been played in the last x songs,
      skip to next, if that song has been played in the last x songs..."
  


MAYBE
  Some kind of indicator that shows it's connected to spotify?






DONE
  Need to have "refresh token" code execute if auth to spotify doesn't work
  . skipping this for now - just having page reload every 50 minutes
    which reauthorizes it
    Have auth to Spotify run before main page even loads, that way
    you don't need to load main page to have it work! (may not be possible since user may have to login to Spotify)  
  (Lots of items I completed but deleted and probably shouldn't have here!)



OLD: logic for custom shuffle
NOTE: realized all of the below WON'T work because in order to skip, my script would need to
 know the moment a song ended.  This isn't possible (unless I set a timer or something) because
 there is no "event listening" possible via the Spotify Web API
*possible shuffle logic
. load all playlist song ids into array and random sort array
. keep last X (30?) played song ids in a file, FIFO
. if next song is in those 30 last played, skip song (advance counter in array) 
6/13 - new logic:
. keep last X (20-30) played song ids in a file, FIFO
. look up next song in queue on Spotify, if on the recently played list from file, check next, etc (loop)
. set "next skip amount" to how many songs need to be skipped in queue in order to get a song that isn't
  on recently played list
. [already made "skipMultiple" function and tested]